I also know
to the images of what happened the
Friday at the Ferro Stadium
approximately averaging the second
quarter
has come to the family was
yesterday they accompany us they approximate that
thought problem in the quarry
outside from outside the capture of
dog when was these areas in the area
of the spikes and people are attacking us
it affects in fact we denounce it
in the law and that complaint was used to
sanction planes with the loss of
points that he forbade playing the full
that we wanted to hold on to
points
it is much more serious because he is seeing
several injured one of those overcome
the Alvarez hospital is called churches
is hospitalized in the hospital álvarez
was operated to drain the blood
Sebastian
Sebastian of whom I tell you that
while you come in a statement said no
have nothing to do with the incidents
that boy is part of the subcommission
that manages a project area of
orders and that organize all things
the end of season pool party
in the pool that were officiated frame
in the oak
vélez
yes
the pool the subcommittee of the fan that
it was global he baptized it framework nobody
he believed and sebastián djs the member
important of the fan subcommittee
that photo are you seeing there with
dreamed 3 that are the board with the
official brno shirt with flame
substitute for the elastic band of
colors of what is made is called
daniel my audience that has the shirt
de vélez oficial is pasting the videos
He is the son of that is the hugging side
china go with beanie called
also daniel and purito has seen the
alcohol in china throughout the gift
the neighbor to the father who are
releasing music and spreading the band with
the
markito the oak for up to
approximately the year 2009 2000 when
he passed the policy in the club and in the
skinny religion politics can not anymore
to let you see with the bar there he
see that he left the son who grabbed the genes
ballistic and what he did was to move on
to the ranks of the pri and it's going pretty
well in his secretary of the technical area
one of many supportive acts of
in the video if we can see again
some images for those schools
I'm going to show you something here
A) Yes
to those people a spherical passion and the
gender from behind is santiago bayón
he knows that they are partners of vélez
has a lot of relationship with the subcommission
of the fan of tells you these people
nothing
with this story you have to see again
with football because vélez cerro san
lorenzo silver is included how many were
of the silver does not appear incident
if you feel they appear when the shock is
between football teams talking about
a people from vélez that told me you know
because we react and we call the
bar by the bar was not good
and we called to that they sang to us by the
exabrupto can rent what
we are supposedly spending people
of ferro those of thousands are all points
he loved we are local again and
sometime
in the visitor
and half of our soil
but not
morning
of sanction against what we
we manage let's identify
it's just saying that until the prosecutor
if you challenge him like that a message tells me
in the part that was missing but that
you you just added now or be
that the message came first
says there were 100 iron bars
wants to provoke and insult was not the
bar was not the people